there's something how highly kind of
alright it's supposed to be a fine name
having any trouble
- on you on aside this and this one both
- you know - step back please I'm a
different man
it is a difference Muslim what we have
been adduced yet on this phone call it
isn't going to be right and I'm good as
always to use yeah this is when you
retire man well if this goes up
thank you
we really have to check to make sure
it's sealed all the way you want to feel
it so that you know it's you
other one with among federal government
you know but I mean when we go with us
we be patient we have to grab it oh no
no no that's it no just that that's what
is difficult thing about sugar okay
go ahead up down side I've lied
take a deep breath somehow little bit
about yourself
Oh my name is Cheryl sister and seven
and there's Larry he's most wonderful
husband in the world
astonishing okay very good
okay that's